Edit Enterprise data note install docs (#3022)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/introduction/install-and-deploy/installation/data_node_installation.md

Once your data nodes are part of your cluster move on to [the final step
to set up Chronograf](/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/install-and-deploy/installation/chrono_install).

## Step 4: Create an admin user

In [Step 2](#b-edit-the-data-node-configuration-files), you enabled authentication.

> In order to access the cluster, you must create at least one admin user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the cluster, you must create at least one admin user.
```

> Using the [`influx` CLI](/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/tools/influx-cli/), run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an admin user, use the [`influx` CLI](/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/tools/influx-cli/), and run the following:
```
